Removing PX4_GZ_MODEL env variable (#2942)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/releases/main.md

- [Gazebo] Support for [Advanced Plane](../sim_gazebo_gz/vehicles.md#advanced-plane), a simulated fixed-wing vehicle that provides better aerodynamic simulation than the regular plane.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22167](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22167) and [gz-sim#2185](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-sim/pull/2185) (advanced lift drag plugin).

> - [Gazebo] Deprecation of the `PX4_GZ_MODEL` environmental variable in favor of `PX4_SIM_MODEL`. Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22400](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22400).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gazebo] Deprecation of the `PX4_GZ_MODEL` environmental variable in favor of `PX4_SIM_MODEL`.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22400](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22400).
```

- [Gazebo] Support for [Advanced Plane](../sim_gazebo_gz/vehicles.md#advanced-plane), a simulated fixed-wing vehicle that provides better aerodynamic simulation than the regular plane.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22167](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22167) and [gz-sim#2185](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-sim/pull/2185) (advanced lift drag plugin).

> 
> - [Gazebo] Deprecation of the `PX4_GZ_MODEL` environmental variable in favor of `PX4_SIM_MODEL`.
>   Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22400](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22400).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gazebo] The environment variable `PX4_SIM_MODEL` can now be used to indicate the simulation model.
  This supersedes `PX4_GZ_MODEL`, which is now deprecated.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22400](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22400).
```
